## LHC tracking script with AC Dipole Excitation.

Tracking is done for LHC Beam 1, layout as of Run II 2018 and with 2018 flat-top optics with telescopic squeeze (see `/afs/cern.ch/eng/lhc/optics/runII/2018`).
Specifically, this is `beta*_IP1/2/5/8 = 0.300/10.000/0.300/3.000` (Q6@300A).

AC Dipole elements are installed on top of the MKA Kickers.
Lattice is loaded and thin lens version is created to be used with MAD-X `TRACK` command.
The AC Dipole ramp up and flat top are set as is the case in the LHC: 2000 turns of ramp-up, 6600 turns of flattop kick, 2000 turns of ramp-down.

All MAD-X output will be located in a newly created `Outputdata` folder.

### Customizing

If ran as is, the AC Dipole will give tune separation of `DeltaQx = -0.01` and `DeltaQy = 0.012`, and will kick to an amplitude of 1 sigma.
All BPMs are defined as observation points for the tracking, in order to have detailed orbit data across the machine.
If you intend to customize, check the following:

- Be sure to set `DeltaQx` and `DeltaQy` to your desired tune separation values (lines 40-41).
- Be sure to setup desired crossing scheme, separation bumps etc (lines 125-134).
- Be sure to setup your observation point(s) on line 282 (for instance, `OBSERVE, place=BPM.21R8.B1;`).
- Be sure to set the desired `SIGMAX` and `SIGMAY` kick amplitudes (lines 237-238).
- Any other change that fits your case study (calling a different `opticsfile`, including macros etc).

### Caveats

- Installing the AC dipole element requires a `SEQEDIT` command, after which the `USE` command needs to be called again.
Beware that the `USE` command reloads a sequence and erases previously defined errors or orbit correction: these will have to be defined again.

- Installing the AC dipole for tracking creates it as a kicker element, which will not impact twiss functions (while a real AC dipole in the machine would).
To implement AC dipole elements in a way that their effect is seen on the TWISS functions, they have to be installed as matrix elements.
See the `AC_Dipole_Model` folder for this implementation.

- If one wishes to apply a specific set of errors, saved to disk, for tracking, these should be loaded into a table (`READTABLE`) and set (`SETERR`) **after** installing the AC dipole element.
Beware also that such errors need to have been generated from a similarly sliced sequence, otherwise the values will be applied on exact element names which correspond to a marker located in the middle of each sliced element generated by `MAKETHIN`, and no effect will be applied.
